Okay. Um,
there we go. All right. Good morning.
Good morning. Good morning. Um, so happy
to have you. My apologies if you got
this and you're like, I don't want to be
here. Just go ahead and leave. I I get
in a rush to get in here and Bonehead
Fred over here just forgets
to
uncclick the notify everybody. So, I am
sorry. I really am. All right. Today is
Wednesday, March the 4th. It is the
middle of the week. The middle of the
week has some very interesting
statistical events that go along with
it. So, first things first, I'm going to
remove all the drawings because my goal
is to share with you how to approach the
market every day in an incredibly
systematic fashion. First thing, let's
see what the daily chart does. We're
looking at the ES. It's 803.
I'm going to stay here for about 90
minutes right until the open. We'll
watch what's going on. What is the price
action telling us from a daily
perspective? Momentum says
it's slightly dipping, but the buyers
are still coming in. You can see the
wicks at the bottom here. And these
wicks tell us selling has stopped. And
so, if you say to yourself, gosh, how do
I know what where my support is? your
support is going to be where the selling
stops. So when you look at something
like this, you go, uh-oh, there's a lot
of arguing about where the selling
should have stopped and where the buying
should begin. My perspective as a
trader, I will look at how many times it
holds the level and if I can see that
level in play. So a couple of things I'm
noting over the last five trading days.
one, I'm making lower highs and lower
lows
except for yesterday, which gives me,
oh, excuse me, except for this morning,
which is giving us a higher low. So,
that's very important. What we want to
do is make sure that we have a line
that's sitting right at the pre-market
low so far. Now, when we go to the ENQ
to break it down, I'm going to show you
some interesting things. But at this
juncture, it says we are caught in a
wide and messy range and the deep dips
are buys and the big spikes are sells.
We have um the point of control sitting
near
20ish
and that's an important level for us to
consider. Okay, let me do I need to pull
up my live trading platform on this
other machine
because what I want to see is cumulative
delta
and
all of the things associated with delta
as well as the big trades that came
through the night. So far, we're in a
dip buying formation. The last thing we
want to do is say, "All right, in
retrospect to the prior day, are we
holding support or
are we looking at something that looks
like a potential resistance area?" So,
the very interesting thing is, how do
you know that? You take the the last day
because it's inside. Today's day is an
inside day. You take the prior day and
you say, "Okay, I'm going to measure the
low to the high. I'm going to divide it
in half and I'm going to let that be
something that tells me if I'm above
this zone, buyers are going to be more
interested. And if I'm below the zone,
sellers are going to be more
interested." And interestingly enough,
that's our weekly kickoff low. Now, I
don't know how that number is
calculated. I think it's a little bit of
wizardry, but it sure does work. And so,
we're going to keep our eyes on
that line. Actually, 6796.
Okay. Now, let's go directly to the 30
minute
because this is where the trade gets set
up. As you remember, there are a couple
of boxes that I look at every single
morning in terms of price action.
I look at the first 30 minutes of the
trading day.
Then I will look at the midnight candle.
Where is that? 23.
Wow, that midnight candle's very tight.
But again, what we're noticing is that
midnight candle is giving us a support
floor that we can see with some of the
bigger lines that we've drawn on the
daily chart. This kind of confluence is
really important. What I'm going to do
now is delete some of these lines. So,
we really have the VWAP and then a wide
moving average. It's a 30. I'm actually
going to make that a 14.
And then we'll do it that way. Okay. So
now we can see on the 30-inut chart
we're above the VWAP. We're above a 14
simple moving average. Our momentum is
up. So it's telling us intraday we've
got dip buying. Okay. Set up the
framework. Now the next thing we want to
look at, why do we look at the midnight
candle? Because it's when Asia begins to
wind down. That's a very important
space. Closing orders just like us. when
when we start closing orders, they're
going to look at our 2:30, 3:00, 3:30,
4:00 areas. The next thing we want to do
is we want to look at the 4:00 a.m.
candle, and that's because that's when
Asia, excuse me, that's when Europe
decides they're going to start opening.
Well, they don't decide. They've already
decided. So, here's Europe. It's back
inside of the opening range of the
GlobeEx.
So now that we have our boxes in play,
let's frame it out.
What happened in the first 30 minutes to
2 hours of trading totally sideways. We
broke the top. Notice the range.
Remember, I got a note, a DM from
someone this morning and they said, you
know, I just want to tell you thanks
because the dime probably just dropped
and I had the great big aha moment and I
just want to say thank you for that. So,
why does somebody get an aha moment?
Because they stop just looking and they
actually observe.
And that's the difference. You can look
at something and go, "Yeah, I see that."
But the observation is what gives you
that insight. So let's frame out the
simple pieces. Always simple first.
We've got upside pressure.
Man, I wish this thing would be
drives me crazy.
Okay, so upside pressure on this
framework. We have a little bit of
downside pressure, but it's broken. It's
broken through. So, you can look at
something like that and say, "All right,
I had a downside pressure event, but it
broke." And now that you look at that,
you go, "Oh, that's my Europe candle
opening up and they're thrusting forward
in price." So, what is the slope of
momentum and the slope of trend?
Essentially sideways. So, what does this
tell you? It tells you if I break to the
north, I'm going to head to resistance.
And that resistance is going to provide
an area that prices come back. Look at
where they come back to. One, the top of
the 4 a.m. candlestick. So, what does
this mean by default? Uh, you better
have that line drawn so you can look at
that and go, "Oh, I wonder if it'll hold
the VWAP." Well, it is the top of the 4
hour the 4 a.m. candlestick. I'll give
it a go. And then your risk is carefully
managed.
This 30 minute opening formation for me
it drives a majority of motion.
Once in a while other things take over,
but this is a very choppy marketplace
because I am completely inside of
yesterday's range. And so what would
John Hogland tell us? they would he
would say wait for better price wait for
price location to tell you what to do.
So let's go ahead and set this up. We
know the 30 minute is here. Yesterday's
30 minute formation is
yesterday's 30-inut low is way up here
at 6870.
We're gonna make that orange so we can
see yesterday's framework.
And
the big opening formation, which is
critical, comes right into
a line that we've already established
on the daily chart. So, we're not going
to move it. We're going to leave that
edge and we're going to go, "Yeah,
that's a little bit squishy." So, this
is what we're staring down. This will be
our go no-go line. So, you might go,
"What are you talking about?" The go
no-go line is the line I like to say is,
listen, above it, we're going to see
buyers. Below it, we're going to see
more sellers. In the middle of this
squish,
we'll have to take it on a tighter time
frame to get our trades positioned.
Okay. So now we're looking for do we
break out of this range and head up the
rails
into the prior days 30 minute formation
or do we fade? You can see them trying
to sell it up here. You can absolutely
see them trying to sell it up here. And
so that's going to be something that you
watch. If you're saying, "Oh my gosh,
there's just too much to look at."
That's fair. trim it down and just go
with one of these boxes. But if you can
think in layers, you're going to see,
particularly if the 4:00 a.m.
candlestick comes out, breaks to the
north, comes back and holds back to the
upward space, you're going to be able to
clone it forward
and take it into the next levels. This
happened perfectly yesterday, which is
why I want to say, look at this.
This is the 4 a.m. candlestick.
It proved itself as important because it
came right down and bounced off of the
top and the VWAP and now it's sitting
here. So, what could you do? Could you
go, hey, this is a short. Here's what I
know. It's either going to work or it
won't.
That's all I know. But what I do know is
I've measured the move up. It's at the
top of the range.
I have sideways pressure in terms of the
t of the moving averages and
I have damp momentum. So all of this
tells me, hey, I got a short. But see, I
wouldn't be able to come to that with
confidence
unless I had built these boxes, stared
at the rotation, looked at price action
from a daily perspective, and then said,
"Here's my trade. I set it up on the 30
minute." My trades are always set on a
30 minute chart. if you like tighter
frameworks. See, I use the 30 minute
because I am a slow thinker. Now, I'm
very comfortable with being a slow
thinker. I'm also a deep thinker. And
so, the layers can come to me in those
spaces where I go, okay, I get it. I get
it. I'm I understand what's going on
here, but I am not a quick thinker. If
you are a quick thinker, then you can
collapse to tighter time frames knowing
in the back of your mind what the bigger
time frame
what the bigger time frame is telling
us. Okay, so that being said, oh, you
guys can't see.
I've already done that. I am so sorry.
What a knucklehead, Fred. No, that's not
the right one. Is that the right one?
Hang on. Let's share the screen.
Oh my gosh, fellas. I am so sorry. Make
selection. Share this screen.
Okay,
folks.
I'm so sorry.
I am. I am. I know you can be disgusted.
You can you can be disgusted.
Oh, for heaven's sakes.
See, you got to have you got to give me
grace because I am a nut job. I'm just a
little bit crazy. Okay, so
hopefully uh you know what I'm going to
do? I'm going to post this in the coach
room afterwards because I did record it
and so you should be able to see it. So
again the framework is I have a a
momentum indicator.
I have a momentum indicator and we got
to listen and imagine. Yeah. Sometimes
imagining is good, sometimes it's bad.
Hey, here's something happening. I
expect this to absolutely collapse.
What's happening is that price action
is building pressure at this 6847
area. So, what I want to do is now drill
down to the five minute. Now, I want to
see, okay, is it holding? What's it
doing?
I'm at the top of the 4hour. Notice
here's what I did. I took the 4hour
candlestick that proved itself out as a
break to the north and the reversal.
And then I said, "Okay, let's measure
the move up." That means I clone the box
and I put it above. And then I clone the
box and I put it above. It's coming into
yesterday's value area high and it's
beginning to bounce. So what I want to
do, I'm going to move my stop down a
little bit. So do I expect it to break
down? Yes. I actually expect it to go
all the way to the VWAP. But I am seeing
a lot of buying pressure sitting in this
space. And so I am going to preserve
profit. This is new market generated
information that tells me, hang on, your
target is still good, but just in case
buyers decide that they're going to come
in to yesterday's value area high,
I'm going to get out a dodge. So, I
would not have gotten um Whoops. So,
let's move it down again. See if we can
get 600 out of this trade. Let's pull it
here. What am I looking at? High.
Low.
lower high, lower low.
Now I've got another lower high and
another lower low right here on the five
minute. So far so good. And the goal is
because the price action is sideways on
the bigger time frame, the goal is
simply to walk price action down.
Okay, that is hilarious. Now, why would
you want me to get stopped out? Talk to
me. It probably will. So, there you have
it. You got your wish.
Because you took an L today.
I'm sorry. So, this is an example of
shiden.
Shouten.
I forget what that German word is. I
don't mind. See,
my account is still up. I see the
bouncing. Now, what do I want to do? see
the wicks. Here's the interesting thing
about trading.
Once you get into a trade, you have this
thought. You have this thought, hey,
things are going to fade. Things are
going to go. But when you're there, you
have to make sure that what you're
seeing
is what the trade actually has tried to
predict.
And so
here I'm expecting a double topping
formation because of my measured move. I
want it to come down to the base of the
formation.
My momentum and trend say that's fairly
valid. You could try that. But what I
notice is that
where it should immediately fade, it's
fighting. And so if I want to get a
green trade to start my day, I'm going
to say I think I'll take some profit.
Now
the other trader, let's say you're
trading an MEES and you got a couple of
mees,
right? Two is always a good way to do an
MEES because you can really uh lever
into the trade. The trade structure will
naturally have the most
Um, I love it that you have this much
pro uh confidence in yourself. Um, K
creative
K creative creative. Yeah, I love it.
Creative says, "Hey,
you know, you would have gotten take
profit if I hadn't have said, by the
powers of Yahoo, um, I command you to
have run into your stop-loss." So I
admire that confidence. I do. It's
required
to trade. You cannot trade scared. You
simply cannot. It's just not the best
thing to do. So
Pedro says reload.
Well, let's go back to the 30 minute
and let's take a peek there.
My 30 minute
doesn't really tell me that reloading is
a great idea. It's not a bad idea, but
it's got a lot of risk associated with
it. Why?
Because what I really want to see, I
want to see the buyers absolutely
collapse and fall off a cliff. And
they're not. They're fighting. They're
fighting for that upside pressure. So,
what do you say to yourself?
I'll tell you what you say to yourself.
Wait.
Right. Wait. Wait. Is not a bad word.
But we are all incredibly impatient.
Now, your question might be, Emmery, why
isn't the 30 minute telling me to reload
at this juncture?
Well, because it's trying to hold value
area high, so I know at least they're
fighting.
And my goal is, listen, here's a great
thing about working for yourself or not
working on a desk. If you were working
on a desk, and I used to do work with
SMB Capital years and years ago, and
here's how it goes on a desk. If the
setup is there, you better take it, and
you're going to come into my office and
tell me why you didn't take it
if it was sitting there. The next thing
would be you better use all the
facilities at your resource level so
that you can make as much as you can
because see that seat you're in I'm
paying for and you better be producing.
That's a lot of pressure. It is. A lot
of people cannot handle that pressure. I
personally do not like that pressure.
I don't because I'm a slow thinker. If
I'm a fast thinker, yeah, but I'm not. I
mean, I know myself very well.
The key point is this. You can wait
until your setup looks cleaner
than how it currently looks right now.
If I look over at cumulative delta
in the ES,
it looks pretty bullish,
right? That's the next thing that we
want to examine here. The there's a fair
bit of bullish pressure. And so
I I'm not going to I'm not going to
reload at this time.
What you said about confidence resonates
with me. It makes sense why I'm up on my
5K on my practice and yet true and yes,
true impatience has been my downfall.
So, no, you don't have to laugh at each
other. You know, here's the thing. Don't
take yourself too seriously, please.
It's not fun for anybody. Just relax.
Relax.
Take a breath. If you can't relax
sitting at your screen, then step away
from your screen until you can relax.
Okay?
You're always going to have an
adrenaline rush.
Don't make that adrenaline rush work
against you, right? Fuel it into a more
concentrated kind of thinking. All
right, let's do the very same setup in
the NQ.
It's 8:28. I have no idea if we've got
news coming out. Listen, it's very bad
if you don't know if news is coming out.
And I have no idea why I sound like I
swallowed a frog or a gnat. Uh,
it could be allergies. Springtime again,
I am allergic to everything. So, I'm
very high strong personality. My
apologies. Okay, so let's go to the ENQ.
What I'm going to do is remove all the
drawings.
And again, thank you for being here. I
appreciate you. I really do. Uh,
I really do. A rumor that got me out of
bed was that Iran wants to talk. Listen,
Iran is always going to say they want to
talk.
What we have to realize
is that we are in a very heavy news
cycle and we're going to have peaks and
troughs.
An unpopular take, I'll give it to you.
You can tell me I'm full of garbage. An
unpopular take is that this rotation is
simply a repricing.
It's a repricing of risk.
This has got nothing to do about war.
Repricing of risk. Private equity market
is in a little bit of a poo show.
And so, um, we've got things that we we
have to stare down.
Private equity is one of them. So, let's
take a look at this one. The line is
kind of crap, to be honest. If I try to
mesh these two lines, here's why I don't
trade with trend lines. I could
literally have an infinite number of
lines going down in this direction
depending on what I wanted to pick. But
the storyboard is the same inside
candlestick. What do we drew? We draw a
Fibonacci. Make sure it's holding 50%.
It is. Tada. The no the go no-go line
with a lot of squishy bits is going to
be
right around here. Right. And that blue
is what we're after. Right. Right around
this zone. Uh two
24,637.
So that's our go no go line. Now, you
might go, "Well, Amory, look, I mean, it
just Yeah, don't take the trade here.
Let the trade do its thing. See if it
looks below and then goes or it looks
below and fails. That's going to be the
best thing." But look at this. 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 days.
Out of the last 14 days, this chart sat
in the ranges that we are staring at
right now. That's a big deal.
Sellers going to want to unwind their
position above 25,70.
They're going to feel a lot of pain if
they look there. So, let's go and see
what they're doing.
We know what's going on on the daily. We
know we've got they're trying to buy the
bottoms, but it's very sticky. So, the
kickoff low is very likely at target
area. Now, let me show you something
very fascinating about the NQ on a
Wednesday.
Statistically speaking, the Wednesday
candlestick formation is very important
to the ENQ for
the midnight candle.
And so
let's take a look at this midnight low,
midnight high.
Okay. So what we have is
two and a half hours
in this formation and it holds the
framework.
Statistically speaking
this candlestick gets retested on a
Wednesday more than any other day of the
week. Get that from Edgeville.
If you don't have Edgeful and you like
looking at probabilities to help you
trade well,
it is very reasonably priced and the
information is rockstar good. It truly
is rockstar good. Okay, so there is the
midnight low. Let's go to 4:00 a.m.
Oh, look at this. Very pretty.
4:00 a.m.
What does it do? Breaks out.
Argues at the top of the 30 minute. This
is why this sort of stuff happens,
folks. It's not uh a mystery. It
actually happens because of this. Comes
into that 30-inut high, pulls back,
makes a higher low, goes above this
formation,
and then comes back and retests. So,
this area has proven itself as a
breakaway and a retest zone
for accumulation. And so,
we're going to move the box up
and we're going to clone it again. Now,
you can clone it from the top, you can
clone it from the bottom. Depends on
which way the market's moving. Look at
that. Right there at the top.
does not happen by accident. Okay, trend
is up, momentum is up.
Now we want to see can we get into the
region around yesterday's high, which
literally was the high of the opening 30
minute formation.
Take a look at where this line is. See
the low of the 30-minute candle from
yesterday?
Just shy of it. These are important
levels, folks. They are very important
levels. What's momentum telling us?
Well, it's slightly up. So, my dips are
going to be buys,
but it's not accelerating. This higher
high is
not giving me a higher momentum track.
So, it could easily fade. But what is
trend? Trend is up.
trend is up. Momentum is up. Let's
measure that momentum from all the way
back here. We can see it's trending up.
So, the dips are going to be buys. The
4hour chart, the 4:00 a.m. candlestick
formation is going to be that region
that the traders go, "All right, let's
let's make sure that holds as frontline
support." Many of us trade too much.
We take too many trades because we look
at something and we go, "Hey, I'm going
to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm
going to do this." And we end up having
days where we make money and then we
give it back. And we make money and we
give it back. And we exhaust ourselves.
And we exhaust ourselves.
Oh, that's sweet. Um,
we exhaust ourselves at the end of the
day. We've made like 50 bucks and we're
like, "Oh my gosh, I made a 100 trades
and yada yada yada." Activity is not
equal to productivity.
Activity is not equal to productivity.
You have to remember that. You
absolutely have to. So, something super
interesting happened yesterday. Right
around the midnight candlestick
formations, a tremendous amount of
overnight volume popped into this region
before the sellers took over. Notice the
following day, which was yesterday,
this big pocket
of selling and buying was the resistance
zone in general. We had a wick up, but
they couldn't hold it. Notice
there's so many patterns to see in the
market. But let me show you this. The
top to bottom of this congestion,
look at the where the 50% marker was the
high for the prior day. So is it good to
have level two data? If you can go into
the level two data and see where these
big
uh actions come into play, you're you're
really going to be doing yourself a
great service. The next thing you can do
is simply eyeball it. Realize, and I
talk about this all the time when I'm on
TopStep TV, realize that this sideways
pressure that we're looking at, this
consolidation is a place where inventory
builds. And so, what is that? What do we
want to what do we think about that?
Remember, the only reason a market
exists is to facilitate inventory. the
price action of inventory. It's to
facilitate trade. So what does that
mean? I'm collecting
contracts short so I can buy them back
cheaper. I'm collecting contracts long
so I can sell them back more expensive.
Now the move dictates what I'm going to
do very simply
on these 30 minutes. You're not going to
get fake outs. Trend is going to tell
you it's down. The VWAP is going to tell
you it's down. Momentum is going to tell
you it's down. So, this box says, "Hey,
you better sell the bounces."
Here we have
distribution.
Everybody's been holding around here
and now they're trying to break out and
sell all of this inventory at higher
prices. If they get up and over here,
all of the guys and gals that said,
"Hey, I am shorting this pocket right
here because I won the game yesterday."
Now they're saying, "Whoa, I might have
to buy to cover.
I might have to buy to cover." So, I
need to watch out. Where's the stop
going to be? It's going to be right
around this the opening range of
yesterday. Right around that box. So
here's here's what happens when I try to
explain this sort of very interesting
strategic approach to the market.
There's a sense of disbelief.
You're like, "Yeah, I don't know."
But here's the thing. Every day I come
to the market and I go,
"What do I see the traders doing? And
here's what I know about the human
condition. So, I don't know if many of
you know this, but I owned a recruiting
company for 14 years. And when you
recruit all kinds of people, I I
recruited a lot of scientists,
recruited a lot of software engineers
way back in the dotcom years where that
it was the thing to do. Very good
business, great time. That's how I got
my money to trade in the first place.
The reason I'm here today, and this is
no joke, the reason I'm here today is
because I started with a ton of cash. If
I had not, I would have blown it all
and, you know, had another business of
some kind because I've been a a serial
business owner my whole life. So, I
would have gone into business doing
something else. The fact is I had a
tremendous cushion of cash and it
allowed me to stay in the game. A lot of
us don't have that opportunity. But when
I was in the recruiting business, what I
noticed was how people make decisions.
And I began to really watch the human
psychology event. And I'm going to tell
you something, it sits in these charts.
There are people that go, "I am frantic.
I'm going to move around in here and I'm
not going to make any money. I'm going
to wash out. I'm going to jump in too
fast. I'm going to jump in too slow. I'm
not going to have a process. And I'm not
going to be consistent." Welcome to the
trader graveyard. Tombstone waiting with
your name on it. Not lying to you.
Once you get to the space where you go,
"Wait a second. How does big money
make money?
Well, they have this concerted effort of
saying, "Hey, let's fight here." And
it's like, imagine two big behemoths,
wherever they happen to be, and they get
into a cage match.
Let's say one of them is, let's say
they're both big gorillas, okay?
One of them is just going to be a little
bit more on than the other and they're
all running their algos and they all
know what the others are going to do at
this time or the other and it's going to
be a big fat jockey, a game of go where
somebody captures and then somebody
recaptures.
It is always a game with these big guys
and they're tweaking their algorithms
here and there, but they're always doing
the same things generally. Why? Because
it takes too much effort to change and
they make great money. Guess where they
take it? They take it from retail. They
take it from the un uh the uninformed,
the misinformed,
the po the folks addicted to technical
indicators that consistently lag.
Thank you, Satcha.
Some people just,
you know, I talked about it the other
day. It's
somehow in our society it's cool to be
mean.
Me, you do you, buddy. I appreciate you
taking up for me though, Satcha. Makes
me put a little heart around your name.
Um, but yeah, you know, if you think
it's cool to be mean, have at it. But
I'm guessing a lot of people that end up
being mean all the time are kind of
gloomy when they're by themselves.
So, but let's move on.
So, here here are a couple things. When
you make mistakes, and I talk about this
a lot, too. When you make mistakes,
forgive yourself, but don't make the
same mistakes over and over again. I
mean, that's just silly.
Stop making mistakes.
Right. I sit around and I said, "Well,
wait a second. That's the top of the
box. That could be a nice short. Let's
go back. Let's go to a fivem minute and
see if we had been staring down the five
minute if this would have given us a
nice short. So, here we are. A little
bit of a topping formation. The moving
averages are really they're not tight
the way they are in the ES. They're much
wider. So that would have given me a
little bit of pause, but I would have
taken the short right here as a double
topping formation. I probably would have
taken it here and it would have put me
under, but when it pulls back, it's got
to lose this level or I'm wrong. A lot
of us get into these trades and we go,
I'm just holding it. I got to learn to
hold longer. And I, you know what, I
rant on this all the time. Hold times
are not all they're cracked up to be. If
you're trading a cycle that says I
require short times. Now, why is that?
If we look at this line and we stare our
price action down and I say I'm going
short, is that trend or counter trend?
It's counter trend. And if I take a
trade counter trend, I don't need to
hang on.
Cut quickly and reestablish a trade. So,
instead of being down 250, I'm up 250
and getting ready for the next position,
which I can't really tell what it is
right now because my 30 minutes says I'm
in a little bit of a wait state. Now,
let's talk about the next thing that
happens in the overnight.
If you're an overnight trader and you
took this trade long at the open,
are you green? The answer is yes. If you
bought at 24,75,
you are doing very nicely even if you
had to have a 200 point draw down. if
you had it here. Now, some people are
going to have that kind of draw down and
they can handle it because their thought
is, "Hey, I'm going to the top of the
box and they're willing to hold on for
that." Now, here it comes. At about 9:05
to 912,
you're going to see an injection of
volume. What is that injection going to
be? They're going to rotate that
inventory.
Here's the thing. If the person that was
long stayed in the trade,
what are they going to want to do if
they know rotation is coming just before
the open?
They want to take the profit. Inventory
is long here in the overnight. It's
long. They're sitting here in the green.
They've worked all night long and now
they're like, "Hey, I'm going outside to
play, so I better start covering." Why
9:05 to 912? That's an injection event
that happens on trading desks. Now, how
do we know that?
Uh because we observe
every single day. We're watching for
them to come in and we go, "Oh, here
they are. Here they are." There's a
little group that actually comes in
right around this time. if there's no
uh news, they'll pop in right around
8:45
Eastern. And that's what they're doing
right now. We have had, let me call this
out to you on my other platform. We had
a,000 lot, nope,
we had
one, two, three, four, 500
longs come in at 6852.
We had a 250 lot come in at 68.47.
Another 250 lot come in at 68.49.
Another 250 lot at 68.49.
Another 250 lot at 68.44. All of these
are long. Three 250 lots coming in at an
average of 68.50. What are they trying
to do?
They're trying to defend that line.
That's number one. Two, if they went
short over here from yesterday, they are
buying to cover to stay flat.
So, what does that mean to you and me?
They're going to go one way or the
other, but you have to let them decide
before you decide you're going to jump
in or you're rolling dice. Not you're
not even rolling dice because you're
it's 5050.
You're either going to be right or
wrong.
Thank you very much, Mills. I appreciate
that. Thank you so much. I appreciate
you. Yeah. Here's the thing about
hanging around for 25 years.
You get to figure out what these traders
are doing. Let me give you one more
secret for today.
Here is
yesterday's
9:30 candlestick open. If you don't have
a line
sitting at
the low of that 9:30 candle and the high
of that 9:30 candle, you're missing out
because take a look at this. Look at the
low of the opening range 30 minute
candle and the high of the prior days
9:30 candle.
Not an accident.
They try to get back in that 30-minute
candle. They lose the opening range.
Guess where they're going to go to,
friends? They're going to try and get to
the bottom of the 9:30 candle. if they
lose this 30 minute chart, this 30-minut
price action event,
they're going to try and get there. So,
your thought would be, okay, I know
they're going to try and get there.
Is something telling me
that buyers are going to hit them off at
the pass? Two things. Inventory
accumulation,
very important. inventory accumul
where's my 930 low? There it is.
Inventory accumulation right here and a
momentum indicator that is on the rise.
So, if you come in and you look at this
and you go, "Okay, that's fading. I've
got momentum that's moving up.
I'm going to look for a dip to buy.
The bottom of that 930 candlestick is
going to be my ideal buy zone. Maybe I
want to look at the close of the 9:30
candle or just inside of it because I
have such heavy congestion. And notice
that's right where it's going to come.
This happens all the time on inside
days.
All the time.
That 9:30 candlestick is incredibly
important. Now initial balance which we
look at the 9:30 to 10:30 a lot of
people talk about initial balance
it is valid but it's much more valid in
my mind using a Fibonacci and so rather
than clutter up the space let's leave
this alone and let's draw a Fibonacci
that's yesterday's initial balance
Okay. Notice if I Let's do this. Let's
take everything away. And if I I'm going
to also hide these for now.
Oh, for heaven's sakes.
So, let's say we're looking at this and
we're staring this down and you draw
this Fibonacci.
Look at where the 1.5 is.
Right next to the level of all the
accumulation that we saw. Also very
helpful. Look at the pullback.
Right to the 50% range.
Right to that 50% range. Now I like
using that 30 minute candlestick
formation because it helps me set stop
action. It gives me stop action. It's
very nice. And I can say, okay, I'm
going to look for the high low and how
it is it's moving. A lot of different
patterns you can find in every chart.
You might go, Emory,
show me that on the ES.
Absolutely. Here's our 9:30 candle.
There's the top of the 9:30 candle.
Here's the bottom. This 6850 is going to
be so sticky.
So sticky. I have no idea which way it's
going to go.
All right. So here's this event. Here's
what happens. It loses the 30 minute
formation. It drops into the 9:30
candlestick.
What does momentum look like? Right.
Here's the here's the trade. Moving
averages up.
We might have it. I have no idea this
line is not visible when it first starts
fading. But what I can see
is that I've got upside momentum here.
So, I know the dip is going to be a buy.
What do I want to look for? I want to
look for the bottom of this candle or
the close of it. It doesn't come
anywhere near that. So, what does that
tell me? Let's say you put an order in
down here and you go to bed. Put your
stop in there. You're like, "Yeah, I
know. I got high or lows. I'm going to
see. I'm going to risk 200 bucks and if
it works I'm going to make $2,000. And
so that outside risk is worth it. What
it does, it comes inside of the range
and that is the close of that candle.
Excuse me. The open of that candle
comes right into that edge. So, you want
to have your eyes on this 9:30
candlestick in terms of it's high, it's
low, it's open, it's close. It's going
to tell you something. You draw that
Fibonacci on
uh the 9:30 move
to 10:30
and
you look for the updraft.
looks to looks to be like we'll get to
6870 today.
If at all possible, we'll get to 6870.
This formation looks a lot more bullish
than the ENQ formation for sure.
You might say,
"Come on, coach. We've got so much to
look at." Yes, but if you just pick one
and you make sure it's a range event, my
first 30 minutes, my midnight, my 4:00
a.m., you know, volume's piling in
there. So, watch how they behave.
And you can trade with any one of these.
You don't need to trade with all of
them. You could trade just using the 30
minute opening range. Watch. Let's say
you don't use the midnight one. We take
it off, right? Let's Let's just Let's
see. I don't want to use that.
The 4 a.m. is great. Let's say you don't
want to use that. Say, "Yeah, I just
don't want to trade that one. I'm just
going to go with my 30 minute opening
range." Absolutely simple to do. What do
you do? You draw a Fibonacci from bottom
to top.
stretch it out over the time. And then
you draw the Fibonacci from top to
bottom.
And now you got all your levels. Look at
them.
Topping formations. Trend is your
friend. It's sitting right in between
these two things. We know that this is
the beast that had all the accumulation
from the other night. Very important
zone, my friends. Very, very important.
Traders literally utter a do or die
here. The sellers have got to force
price action down or we are headed back
to the top of that 30 minute open or the
high of yesterday.
But notice how the 30 minute builds out
your trade exactly. You just stair step
it down.
Here's the two. There's two and a half.
If you go, hey, I want to wait for
structure to build and go long. Once
you've drawn your Fibonacci, all you got
to do is walk it up.
The no go, the go no-go line still 6796.
You get above here, look at that. They
are arguing and arguing and arguing. But
guess what? The buyers are winning. Why?
Because they're still holding higher
lows.
And then you walk it right back up.
Right back up anywhere you want. You can
use
the 30-minute opening candlestick
formation. You can use the midnight
candlestick formation. You can use the 4
a.m. candlestick formation. Why do they
all give us mechanical flow and tell us
where price action's going to within a
few points? Because the market is
fractal.
And the meaning of the word fractal is
that it possesses copies of itself
within itself.
Humans are basically fractal too, right?
Every single cell of our body has a copy
of itself sitting inside itself. How
incredible is that?
And because we create market structures
and we force order onto the market,
that's why our indicators and measured
moves work.
The only reason the market is tradable
is because we force order on it. And
when it gets erratic,
emotion takes over. And that's got its
own order. We can see it in capitulation
or exhaustion.
Yes. Big money.
Big money.
Yeah, big money. All right, so let's
start looking. We've been chopping in
this range. One of my favorites. Let's
see if we go to the 500 tick and we can
watch price action starts to move around
significantly. Now, you can see
some of us like to trade in these kinds
of pockets.
I do on occasion,
but it's only if I'm looking for a
specific target or
I'm showing somebody how you can trade a
range. I just I don't I don't dig this.
Not I mean, I just don't I don't dig it
at all. So, this sideways motion, it's
one, you know, it's just a few points
wide and I know something's going to
give and it's going to give in
a pretty spectacular way. So the traders
remember they're all long in the
overnight. So if they want a
continuation long, they need to break
out over here at which point we'll go
to, you know, 6865
6870. We've drawn all the levels
thankfully on the big time frames so we
can see them on the little ones. Super
important. Momentum not giving us any
indication. All flat
second generally the closer to 25,100
the better for shorts
the price action there since last Friday
very telling passive sellers
lack of buyer conviction evidenced by
the first attempt to 98 no sweep I I
like this um
I like this analysis I think it's It's
fair. You know, 86
is sort of that number in the NQ, the
numbers that end with 86.
They just like dancing around that zone,
you know? It's sort of like how the ES
people love 72 and 42. They're just into
those numbers. Um,
sometimes they like 16, too.
they're like 61,
you know, 10, 12, those kinds of
regions. So, it's everybody has their
own little whatever that they go with.
So, yeah, I think
um
this sideways pressure is just giving us
a weight state. Now, a lot of us have
this
destructive idea where we say to
ourselves, "I know where this is going.
I'm just going to go ahead and get in."
Now, listen, if you're whisbang awesome,
and you're never wrong doing that, have
at it.
But most of us,
most of us pretty much stink at that,
right? We just do. If you're if you're
honest and you look at yourself and you
go, "Well, if I could take some of those
traits away, I'd be pretty happy."
Right? So, the goal is
slow down.
And once you learn to slow down, when
you get a good trade, you can size up.
You know, a lot of these guys we see on
the leaderboards, one, they have a ton
of cash they're floating around with,
but they're not afraid to size up and go
max DLL.
The ones that stay consistent
and
sling big size are very few and far
between.
Very few and far between. And so what we
have to realize is we can't use their
levels as our measuring sticks because
the balances in our accounts are
different. We can't do that. And we also
can't be in such a big rush to make
money that we lose sight of the most
important thing, which is how do I not
lose money?
See, that's the most important thing.
Hi, Aaron. Oh, Aaron can't hear me. So,
I will put uh I will put this up. I
don't see All right. We just had an
injection
of Here they are. Look at the time.
9:08.
So, here's our first injection. Short
side injection
rotation down. Let's see what happens at
912.
So, not a big injection.
Trader still holding the edge. Let's see
where the VWAP is.
VWAP is way down here.
My indicators.
Well, that's weird.
Um,
hide all drawings.
I don't want to do that.
I want to use that. Well, I can't see my
volume indicator for some reason.
So, here they are trying to It's 9:12
now. Um,
could we say on the five minute chart,
you know, dips or buys, right? Why?
Because my momentum is above zero, above
50, and my moving average is up. That
tells me my box, the low edge of my box
is a buy zone. Now the question is, does
it stay a buy zone? And since we have an
injection coming in another 2 minutes,
it's not a good place to take a trade.
You know what, creative, I think you've
presented some fairly good insights
about yourself.
And really all of us, it's we all need
we all need to really focus on not
losing,
right? It's sort of like comes our next
injection.
And you can see the speed of these
candles shift in terms of how quickly
they move up or down. That's how you can
tell there's an injection of liquidity
either moving up or down. And so these
areas anywhere around this 9004
to 914
area, you're going to see them start
coming in and making a move.
You know what? I don't either to be
honest. Turbo, I don't touch trades
right around here. There's too much
whiplash. Listen, if you guys go to the
custom topstep
chat GPT
that Robert made for us on our um
let me see if I can find it for you
guys. You can plug your trades in there
and it will tell you, hey, don't trade
near the open. Don't trade between X, Y,
and Z. Don't don't do it. Let me get it
for you. I give it to folks most every
time I'm here, but I sometimes forget.
So, let me get it. It's in chat GBT.
And hang on.
ChatgPT
mentor.
Copy.
There we go.
Plug it in. Just download all your
trades
and let it tell you
what you're doing wrong. It'll say,
"Hey, you don't wait enough between
trades." It'll say you're just chasing
price. It'll say
you got to build consistency. And you
know, here's the thing. You could tell
chat GPT
um
you can tell chat GPT how to talk to
you. Hey, don't don't you know don't
don't butter me up. Just give it to me
straight. And if you tell it that a few
times, it'll get it. If you put it in
personal preferences, it'll get it.
It'll tell you what to do, what not to
do. but it will and it'll say, "Let's
talk about uh a loss limit that you want
to sit inside of. Let's talk about when
you want to look for these trades." It's
fabulous. It's absolutely fabulous. If
you don't use that tool that Coach
Robert made, you're missing out. You
are. And it's free. It's free. A lot of
people charge for their chat GPT trading
coach. It's It's really really good.
It's really good. And the better you are
at asking chat what to do,
the better you'll be. Now notice,
remember what we said.
If you were to take this trade
here, we are at the bottom of the box.
So the question is, I'm at the bottom of
the box. Do I take a long or a short?
How do you decide that? Uh what's my
trend?
What did I do in the past? In the recent
past, I went long. What's my trend? It's
up. So, what do I want to do here? I
want to buy it. Now, this is a little
different because we are sitting at an
injection mode event, but the song
remains the same. If you're scalping on
a five minute, this is the way to go,
right? It's in a box. You trade from the
bottom of the box to the top of the box.
You don't have to be fancy to make
hundreds of thousands of dollars in the
market. You just have to be consistent
and you don't want to take three steps
forward and two steps back every single
day. You have to stop and go, I got to
make some changes.
And I think this works, but if I plug in
my stats, I'm pretty much spinning my
wheels.
Well, what got you here won't get you
there. So, make some changes.
Simple as that.
Simple as that, right? You know, a lot
of people
and here in in our family, many many of
you know we got a lot of kids in our
family. Um, my husband is a very
he's a He-Man, right? Sometimes he makes
me crazy, but he's your typical He-Man,
except for when something really bad
happens to any of the kids. And he is
the most compassionate,
caring,
thoughtful.
I'm going to listen to you while you
lament and help you to get over this
hump. I'll do anything you can. He's
fantastic. He is very compassionate when
it counts. Me, I'm not the one that they
come to when terrible things happen and
they need talking through it because my
philosophy is buckle up, buttercup. Move
on. Step up, over, move around, under,
whatever it is. That's the past. Don't
wallow in your whatever.
straighten up. And that's how I've made
it through the trading space. I am a
very steelyminded
individual and that leads to a general
lack of compassion at sometimes. And
it's true, but it's what keeps me
green in the business. And you have to
develop that kind of
all right, I just got kicked in the
teeth. I'm getting up. That's all you
got? You know what? The the
Captain America, right? Is that all you
got? Steve Rogers in the corner. That's
I feel like that's the best way to be.
Okay. So,
yes, that's great. D, I'm so sorry that
some of us can't hear me, but I think
most of us can. All right. So, that's
it. You're seeing the in injection of
liquidity. The first pass was down. The
second pass of liquidity was up. Now
we're going to watch for the range break
coming into the open. What do I like to
do? I like to sit back and watch. All of
my analysis tells me you do not trade
well if you get a trade between 9:30 and
10 unless it is a deep daily support or
a spike into volume exhaustion. Those
are the only two times. And right now
we're in the middle of the range. So
that's sideways for me. All right,
that's going to be it. Here's what I'm
going to do. I'm going to render this
video for us and I'm going to put it in
the coach and Marie room and you'll be
able to look at it there. All right,
take care everybody. Remember,
your goal is
to try to make money without losing
money.
Oh my goodness. Thank you so much,
Godwit Jet. That makes me so happy. I'll
put this up. Um, you know, my goal is
never to deliver fluff. I just one, I
can't stand to hear it myself. It's like
word salad is the worst
cuz it doesn't even taste good. So,
that's it. And um, you know what? We'll
see each other tomorrow afternoon. I've
got a session. I'll record it and stick
it in the coach room. I'll start doing
that for everybody. Okay. Take care.
Good luck. Be safe. Watch your risk.
It's going to be messy. We're going to
have a newsy day. All right, take care.